That was
hysterical.
We are driving for 5 minutes.
And then he saw me get,
you know, a
shout out new kibbutz very okay.
So he stopped there
without telling me.
He decided to stop.
He was very afraid
to go out from the car
and go to the magnet So
I'm going after him.
After 20 minutes,
we start to hear shootings and s
Yeah, and some guys
tell us there are terrorists sti
So I'm calling talent,
and there are terrorists here.
Let's go.
We are going to the car very fas
drive for.
And when we are going to the car
we can see them going and shooti
everybody out.
You can see them. Yeah.
To there
where we start shooting,
all of the traffic is slow down.
And we see
that there are pre-Katrina
with gunshot end.
So we are doing a turn off
and get into
what's they
into the center of the kibbutz.
We are putting our car in some
place and
knock on the
people door and one families ope
It was 7:00 in the morning.
We told them we are Israeli
we look like Israelis.
Also came for the father.
You know,
we are fighting the rockets
and we are here.
Please help us.
They immediately
give us the shelter
and they are like 70 years old.
Tal was very stoical and the
the woman was very healthy and s
you know, she was very calm.
Yeah, she very calm.
And she explained to him to rela
and then we start knowing each o
and in seven and a half they are
SMS and WhatsApp, their
messages,
they are terrorists in the kibbu
and everybody need to go to the
to the safe to do so for room.
And the time is ticking. Okay.
And then like a 12 for 12 sign
that a half a dozen.
This is after 5 hours. Yeah.
We sit in in 5 hours in this roo
and in the, in this time people
writing the what's up.
Something like that.
Oh, I'll say it into my home.
They are shouting and then we do
she doesn't answer anymore.
And like this,
did you realize when that happen
that they were being killed?
Yeah.
Because there's no answer.
So we don't know we killed or.
Right.
We were very innocent.
You understand
we didn't think about these thin
in 2:00.
Understand us again.
The terrorist is 7 hours.
Yeah. New hour hours.
5 minutes after that,
we are hearing trash all over th
You were hearing
shotgun shots and a lot of screa
I understand that there was no o
or sweet always.
You had a lot of people, a lot o
And that moment when you're sitt
are the four of you and they're
why you even imagine how you fel
I didn't believe that it happene
And they the the owner of the ho
is holding the,
you know, the door the door hand
Yeah.
And for one hour, we are in succ
not to let them go into the
to the safety of them,
but they are screaming all over
and you know,
and after 50 minutes they slow
everyone a grenade, they throw a
and go, was black
and after 10 minutes they
succeeded to open the window
to the door of the safety room
and ask for the and that's to su
because meanwhile we are
hiding in the closet.
So they didn't know that we are
but 2 minutes after they taken u
the door is open and we terroris
and put in a gun to our head and
I mean did you I didn't think yo
I see before you even able to th
that I think about my children
that they are going to lose thei
for nothing
because I didn't supposed to be
It was
I was so sad that
I'm probably going to die
for nothing because I didn't do
I'm just maybe going to kill
because I'm Jewish.
Okay. At least ten,
ten terrorists taking two
of us to another whole
I don't know
from where
I have this courage to do what I
but the the
the terrorist,
the talk Hebrew
he see me that I'm looking at th
I, you know, I looked at them
like he told me, calm down. Calm
We don't want to kill you.
We just want to take you through
And he tells me, he asked me,
you have friends from the police
or the army.
And I said to him, Yeah.
So he told me, so let's call one
So I told him my phone is still
I'm mad at you.
Technically, I don't have my pho
and I don't remember numbers.
And then he bring another phone,
we called 109.
Well, while
the police is answering
and I'm talking is them,
I'm talking enable I'm telling m
Hello, my name is Yasmin.
I'm in Kibbutz Marie and we kidn
We are hostages in
in the house, in the kibbutz.
Please come.
Why did they want the police to
They want to kidnap.
That's that's what's funny.
They saw the the roads
the army is there,
so they want to stay alive.
So they thought that
if they took you to Gaza,
the IDF would could kill them.
Yeah, if the IDF wasn't there.
But they didn't know. Yeah.
After 2 hours, the police
arrived, and so jeeps,
everybody get to stress the terr
put the guards, you know, shots
starting to
to happen between the both sides
and it's one, two, three, and th
Wow, 100.
We all the hostages and the terr
we all, you know, lie down is a
Yeah. If you like me like this.
Not like.
Yeah, yeah.
I feel something very hot.
And then I understand that I'm r
really that sweat.
That's when it's happened to me.
I understand that I'm going to d
that I am not.
It's not possible to get a life
in this situation
and I'm starting to cry for myse
And the commander is, you know,
next to me.
But we have
enough after I'm,
you know, stop crying
and put my hands at my head.
He
he took all the time
in the phone in Arabic today.
I know that
he talk with the police
and ask for surrender.
And because I was calling to the
they know that there is a woman
is the name of something.
So they told him,
go with this man outside,
put your clothes out.
And take 4 minutes.
He put out of both of us
was naked,
and he's going with me
slowly to the police and he's.
How does he go with you?
How is he?
He he hugged me in the back like
Okay.
It's like a like a your shield.
I'm a shield. Yeah. Human shield
And he goes me to metal from the
but it's taken us for 4 minutes.
They are everybody's.
And I'm telling
don't you don't shoot
because this is the Hamas do tha
and do they see him?
Then they see him and they
they told him that they will,
if we will, going to do this.
They will show them.
But they didn't and they didn't
Yeah, they you'll never know why
Yeah, because I know no one.
They stayed alive
and then we are two metal from t
and 20 policemen from Israel.
He pushed me a little bit.
I'm running to the police he got
and I'm safe.
But I understand that my boyfrie
and the others are still
there is for the terrorists
because just once around
5:00 the police don't understand
the big
they had no idea
it 5:00 in the afternoon.
They have no idea already.
They think that I am maybe you k
I don't understand.
I'm telling them
no the 40
they tell me look at us, we are
I'm telling there are more from
and they don't believe me.
So did you know that the
that the terrorists had shot.
I mean I didn't know in this,
in this time
I have a hope that Al still aliv
You for three days. Yeah, for a
We are. Yeah. We helped if he wa
But then Tuesday,
three days after the attack, the
and they
have in the last month and that'
And he was dead and everybody wa
I think it's a dream
that maybe I'm going to wake up.
I don't understand it.
Yes.
You know, some of them say,
yeah,
I know the
I know the information,
but I don't feel the information
I know is there, but I.
I think it's okay.
You can't feel yet, do you? I do
You don't have the.
Yeah. Yeah.
Sometimes they have them emotion
but most of the time I live in a
But I know I mean, I agree it's
because it's weird.
For me, that is he's gun
he was younger than me.
I'm 44 and these 37.
So it's weird to me
that you want to get my age toda
You understand he'll never be 44
Yeah. And never be 40.
It's very strange.
So many stories.
Horrific stories. Right.
Wow. That closet door.
How did they not kill you.
I so I think I have an answer.
Yeah.
Also in the Hamas
there are a lot kind of people,
they are radical people and they
you know, and
moderate. Yeah.
And I think and I understand
after the situation that the com
that surrounded
that he can see the silence is
know that radical.
Exactly.
And there are
I know after
the police told me
that there are two commando ther
that are very radical that that
nobody is getting out.
We are going back to us, to Gaza
with everybody lives their exist
Right.
I mean, because some of them are
most of them are children, twent
Okay.
They are afraid to die
and they want to get to Gaza wit
You could tell that they
they were also afraid. Yeah. Yea
Now, humans they are humans.
They are fed. Yes.
I mean, what
and they said you can't necessar
even feel sometimes.
Yeah.
You have children. Yeah.
Thank God for that.
I lost
when I was in the closet
because you need to understand
we are in one hour.
That's right.
It was this was the mosque.
And space is time.
Yeah,
we were like this, holding us
hands, and
we are very sweat
because it was hot in the closet
and we are holding our hands.
And then I decide to write my
children a, you know, last word.
And I may well tell my girls I l
And probably going to die.
So be safe. Be careful.
Stay.
Swee It's very
important for me
that my three children will stay
And now when you're with your
your youngest child, your son.
Yeah,
we we're talking
with children of the same age.
Yeah.
That he wrote you and you and kn
I know.
Yeah.
My son told him
that he wants to take me
along with that and sister to th
and he wants to give us somethin
and he wants two sentences.
I hope he will be happy.
And please don't be sad anymore.
I love you alone.
You know, alone.
And the Italian
thank you that you tell me that.
And I will try to be more happy
like I used to be.